# DBank

DeFi DApp: I have developed a decentralized finance (DeFi) application on the blockchain. DeFi refers to the use of blockchain technology and smart contracts to recreate traditional financial services in a decentralized and transparent manner.

Top-up and Withdrawal: DApp allows users to top up or withdraw money from their accounts. This functionality enables users to deposit funds into the system or withdraw their existing funds as needed, providing flexibility and control over their finances.

Compound Interest: DApp offers users the opportunity to earn compound interest on the deposited funds. Compound interest refers to the concept of earning interest on both the principal amount and the previously earned interest. This incentivizes users to keep their funds in the system for a longer duration, promoting savings and potentially increasing their wealth over time.

Time-based Interest: The interest earned in your DApp is calculated based on the amount of time the funds remain in the account. This means that the longer users keep their money in the system, the higher the interest they can accumulate. This time-based interest mechanism encourages users to maintain long-term participation and engagement with the platform.

Blockchain Technology: Project leverages blockchain technology, which provides transparency, security, and immutability. By utilizing a decentralized ledger, all transactions and operations within your DeFi DApp are recorded and verified by the blockchain, ensuring trust and removing the need for intermediaries.

Empowering Financial Control: DeFi DApp empowers users by giving them control over their finances. Users can manage their funds, make transactions, and earn interest without relying on traditional financial institutions. This fosters financial inclusivity and independence.

Overall, this project showcases the power of DeFi and blockchain technology in creating a decentralized financial ecosystem. It provides users with the ability to manage their funds, earn compound interest, and enjoy greater financial control while leveraging the benefits of transparency and security offered by blockchain technology.


```bash
cd dbank/
dfx help
dfx config --help
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:8000?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

Additionally, if you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 8000.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`NODE_ENV` to `production` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.NODE_ENV` in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
